ALICE was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, “ and what is the use of a book,” thought Alice, “ without pictures or conversations ?” So she was considering in her own mind, (as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid,) whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a white rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her. In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again. How funny it’ll seem to come out among the people that walk with their heads downwards ! and she tried to curtsey as she spoke—fancy curtseying as you’re falling through the air ! Dinah ’ll miss me very much to-night, I should think !” ( I hope they’ll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. for, you see, as she couldn’t answer either question, it didn’t much matter which way she put it. Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw. There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes : this time she found a little bottle on it, (“which certainly was not here before,” said Alice,) and tied round the neck of the bottle was a paper label with the words “ DRINK ME” beautifully printed on it in large letters. First, however, she waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further : she felt a little nervous about this, “ for it might end, you know,” said Alice to herself, “in my going out altogether, like a candle. said Alice to herself, rather sharply, “ I advise you to leave off this minute !”